Wei Xiaonian, Wei Xiaoxiao
When you are still afraid
Were you ever afraid when you did it?
Underhand
Striker I told you to shut that mouth to me
If you let others know
Let's not live
You still ask me
When you eat spicy food
Did you take care of me when I was wandering outside?
Oops Ah Feng
What are you talking about?
I remember all the kindness you were to me
I won't treat you badly, will I?
That's if I'm okay
You can be good
Is Wei Xiaonian changing his trick?
Wei Xiaonian, let me tell you
Isn't he a good thing?
You are always like this
He's just toying with you.
Play with your feelings
I know?
So I will definitely not miss this opportunity.
Since he treats me badly
I will definitely make him pay the price
According to you
You have evidence of him
More than a handle
This time I want to
This money is mine
Everything about him is me
Oh, just help me check it out
Check it out
As soon as I found out
Oh, right.
One more thing.
Find a few people